the preparations of the heart belonged
to man but the answer of the tongue is
from the Lord all the ways of a man are
pure in his own eyes but the Lord weighs
the spirits commit your works to the law
and your thoughts will be established
the Lord has made all for himself yes
even the wicked for the day of doom
everyone proud in hearts is an
abomination to the Lord though they join
forces non will go unpunished in mercy
and truth atonement is provided for
iniquity and by the fear of the Lord one
departs from either when a man's ways
please the Lord he makes even his
enemies to be at peace with him better
is a little with righteousness than vast
revenues without justice a man's heart
plans his way but the Lord directs his
steps divination is on the lips of the
king his mouth must not transgress in
judgment honest weights and scales are
the Lord's all the weights in the bag
are his work
it is an abomination for kings to commit
wickedness for a throne is established
by righteousness righteous lips of a
delight of kings and they love him who
speaks what is right as messengers of
death is the King's wrath but a wise man
will appease it in the light of the
Kings face his life and his favor is
like a cloud of the latter rain how much
better to get wisdom than gold and to
get understanding is to be chosen rather
than silver the highway of the upright
is to depart from evil he who keeps his
way preserves his soul
pride goes before destruction and a
haughty spirit before a fall
better to be of humble spirit with the
lowly and to divide the spoil with the
proud
he who heeds the word wisely will find
good and whoever trusts in the Lord
happy is he the wise in heart will be
called prudent and sweetness of the lips
increases learning
understanding is a wellspring of life to
him who has it
but the correction of fools is folly the
heart of the wise teaches his mouth and
adds learning to his lips pleasant words
are like a honeycomb sweetness to the
soul and health to the bones there is a
way that seems right to a man but it's
end is the way of death
the person who Labor's Labor's for
himself for his hungry mouth drives him
on an ungodly man digs up evil and it is
on his lips like a burning fire a
perverse man
so strife and a whisper asseverated the
best of friends a violent man entices
his neighbor and leads him in a way that
is not good
[Music]
he winks his eye to devise perverse
things he purses his lips and brings
about evil the silver-haired head is a
crown of glory if it is found in the way
of righteousness he who is slow to anger
is better than the mighty and he who
rules his spirit then he who takes a
city the lot is cast into the lap but
it's every decision is from the Lord
[Music]